how is this team welcome to another
chapter in my channel my name is mister
adén
I not yet not cast me from my house
be with a beard does not mean that
living down a bridge but very many
thanks for asking everything in order
time I come to tell you to make them
a kind of informative blog to
tell them that I will be doing together
with kerberos group we will be
organizing an event for the subject in
which has two parts the first one
it's about a tournament the subject itself
is endorsed by river issues so the
prizes are games we did without them
I comment now the awards as well
we also remove the video for the rest
the first prize in the tournament is going to
carry 4800 drp and the root skin
triumphant and just winning a
starting in the tournament and you take 1200
of baby seriously you're going to miss the
tournament is going to start on February 6 it
they play the first two games that day
and on February 7 will be face-to-face
so those who sign up I ask
I apologize to those who live far away but
those who register have to be able
travel to techno bar that remain in fitz
roy 2021 if I'm not wrong in palermo
federal capital
if the final is going to be face-to-face so
I apologize but you have to have the
possibility of traveling elsewhere
another part of this event this
organization of the theme together with
kerberos group is going to be a meeting of the
together theme between innovate let's
be finishing the tournament is going to
be the semifinal in the final this is going to
have games of all kinds rpp and draw
aram tournament will be a million
things to do is a bar so let's go
to be completely taking as a
miserable and not much more I will be
me there punishing turning around with all
you are going to be an afternoon very very very
good so that I wanted to comment
time is this kind of great event of
estimated in itself that account of the tournament
the meeting together with the final of the tournament
all the information is already on facebook
and on twitter if on facebook they are
marked above so the only thing
have to do is and the description of
this video will enter the official page of
facebook and above all is where is
the publication marked with the image and
when it's a paddle and a kick
microphone and with all the information that
they need if there
Lethal link to sign up gives them the
link to the page of kerberos groups
that the boys to the 500 online in the
page will be raffling the pp and
others have the link to the page of
techno bar with the map to know how
I how to get there and if they also have the
link to the event on facebook
that's where they can do all kinds of
questions that the guys from
kerberos that they will be
answering all the doubts that they have
if they follow you much more than announce team
I hope they come, I hope we'll pass
wonderful afternoon I hope that it
enter the tournament the prizes are
spectacular
you already know a fast 2200 yacht game
be watts
team we are seeing in the next
video of whatever